README.md, before:

# Autoclicker Program
This will by far be the biggest project of these, and the one that I’ve already started the programming of. The most important part about this program is that it will support easily generatable autoclickers for a user, support any number of autoclickers from a user-generated library that will be existing, and users will be able to easily use any autoclicker, as well as easily create any autoclicker.

One such function of ease is that users will be able to easily create menus for their autoclickers, being able to customize the layout of their autoclickers, even to the extent of supporting user profiles and preset customized layouts. Users will also easily be able to “load” or “save” any autoclickers, as well.

Initial Autoclickers to Create for the User-Generated Library (Some of These Were Requested):

- Super Smash Bros. Brawl mods various autoclickers -> Exporting/importing to and from Blender (Both models and animations), turning a pose from Brawlbox into a portrait, an autoclicker for my material copier for single-click material generation of any kind

- Elder Scrolls mods various autoclickers -> Blender exporting/importing of models to Morrowind (Including rigged models)

- Some Blender autoclickers -> Deleting all vertex groups of a model part, a model rigger based on input of joint locations, converting multiple UVs and textures into one (Or vice versa)

- Some texture autoclickers -> Texture baker to combine normals and speculars and such into one texture

- Mod swapout autoclickers -> For various games, have a clicker that you can specify to install particular mods over particular characters and such, and this will automatically do it for batches, rather than needing to understand the game’s file structure to the user; especially useful for Project Recolor (A gigantic mod project of mine)

- N64 game model extractor -> Extract models from N64 games via Lemmy’s Plugin

Another function of this program will be that it will support autoclickers as macros. For instance, the user could set it up that when he presses ‘G’ on the keyboard and the program is running, that the autoclicker he linked to the key runs. 


# Notes
- This is still currently in development for version 1.0

# Authors (So Far)
- Evan Baker
- Nicholas Szymonik

LICENSE FOR UNICODE FILE

Copyright (c) 2012-2018, Paul Sarena
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

- Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

- Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

- Neither the name of the iTools nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Commit message:

Added Changelog and Installation Sections to Readme

README.md, after:

# Autoclicker Program
This will by far be the biggest project of these, and the one that I’ve already started the programming of. The most important part about this program is that it will support easily generatable autoclickers for a user, support any number of autoclickers from a user-generated library that will be existing, and users will be able to easily use any autoclicker, as well as easily create any autoclicker.

One such function of ease is that users will be able to easily create menus for their autoclickers, being able to customize the layout of their autoclickers, even to the extent of supporting user profiles and preset customized layouts. Users will also easily be able to “load” or “save” any autoclickers, as well.

Initial Autoclickers to Create for the User-Generated Library (Some of These Were Requested):

- Super Smash Bros. Brawl mods various autoclickers -> Exporting/importing to and from Blender (Both models and animations), turning a pose from Brawlbox into a portrait, an autoclicker for my material copier for single-click material generation of any kind

- Elder Scrolls mods various autoclickers -> Blender exporting/importing of models to Morrowind (Including rigged models)

- Some Blender autoclickers -> Deleting all vertex groups of a model part, a model rigger based on input of joint locations, converting multiple UVs and textures into one (Or vice versa)

- Some texture autoclickers -> Texture baker to combine normals and speculars and such into one texture

- Mod swapout autoclickers -> For various games, have a clicker that you can specify to install particular mods over particular characters and such, and this will automatically do it for batches, rather than needing to understand the game’s file structure to the user; especially useful for Project Recolor (A gigantic mod project of mine)

- N64 game model extractor -> Extract models from N64 games via Lemmy’s Plugin

Another function of this program will be that it will support autoclickers as macros. For instance, the user could set it up that when he presses ‘G’ on the keyboard and the program is running, that the autoclicker he linked to the key runs. 


# How to Install All Dragon Games Programs
- (0) Once, for All Dragon Games Programs, do the following steps. First, Create a Main "Installation" Folder, and Extract "_Universal Settings.zip" to There (Also from the Google Drive)
- (1) Go to C:/Users/Public
- (2) Create a File "Windhunter's Programs - Main Folder Location.txt"
- (3) In This .txt File, Put the Location of Your Installation Directory (e.g. "C:/Windhunter's Programs/")
- (4) Put the "Autoclicker-Program" Folder (With Its Name As-Is) in This "Installation" Directory
- (5) Install Java (SE 9 Or Higher Might Work; SE 13 and Higher Have Been Tested to Work)
- (6) Use Either "Autoclicker Program.exe" Or "Autoclicker Program.sh" to Run the Program 😀 (If the .exe Is Preferred; Note That "Autoclicker Program.exe" Requires the Given .sig File with It, Whereas the "Autoclicker Program.sh" Instead Requires Further Setup)

# Changelog
- Version 1.0 -> Initial Program

# Notes
- None Right Now

# Authors (So Far)
- Evan Baker
- Nicholas Szymonik
